{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green40\blue40;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20784\c20784\c20784;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19420\viewh8080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 LKB installation guide \
\
1. download and install Xcode (Xcode_9.2.xip) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/xcode/"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/xcode/}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2. download and install Command Line Tools (Command_Line_Tools_macOS_10.13_for_Xcode_9.2.dmg) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://idmsa.apple.com/IDMSWebAuth/login?appIdKey=891bd3417a7776362562d2197f89480a8547b108fd934911bcbea0110d07f757&path=%2Faccount%2F&rv=1"}}{\fldrslt https://idmsa.apple.com/IDMSWebAuth/login?appIdKey=891bd3417a7776362562d2197f89480a8547b108fd934911bcbea0110d07f757&path=%2Faccount%2F&rv=1}}\
3. download and install XQuartz (XQuartz-2.7.11.dmg) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.xquartz.org/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.xquartz.org/}}\
4. download and install MacPorts (MacPorts-2.4.2-10.13-HighSierra.pkg) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.macports.org/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.macports.org/}}\
5. Terminal: install libtool			sudo port install libtool\
6. Terminal: install \CocoaLigature0 libusb +universal\CocoaLigature1 			\CocoaLigature0 sudo port install libusb +universal\
7. download and uncompress \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 OpenNI SDK v1.5.7.10 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0 (OpenNI-Bin-Dev-MacOSX-v1.5.7.10.tar.bz2) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://openni.ru/openni-sdk/openni-sdk-history-2/index.html"}}{\fldrslt http://openni.ru/openni-sdk/openni-sdk-history-2/index.html}}\
8. Terminal: navigate to OpenNi folder			cd ///OpenNI-Bin-Dev-MacOSX-v1.5.7.10\
9. Terminal: install OpenNi			sudo ./install.sh\
10. Terminal: prevent error			sudo ln -s /usr/local/bin/niReg /usr/bin/niReg\
11. download and uncompress SensorKinect (SensorKinect-unstable.zip) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/avin2/SensorKinect"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/avin2/SensorKinect}}\
12. double-click to uncompress  SensorKinect/Bin/SensorKinect-unstable/Bin//SensorKinect093-Bin-MacOSX-v5.1.2.1.tar.bz2\
13. Terminal: navigate to Sensor-Bin-MacOSX-v5.1.2.1 folder		cd ///Sensor-Bin-MacOSX-v5.1.2.1\
14. Terminal: install SensorKinect			sudo ./install.sh\
15. download and uncompress \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 NiTE v1.5.2.23\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0  (NITE-Bin-MacOSX-v1.5.2.21.tar.bz2) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://openni.ru/openni-sdk/openni-sdk-history-2/index.html"}}{\fldrslt http://openni.ru/openni-sdk/openni-sdk-history-2/index.html}}\
16. Terminal: navigate to NITE-Bin-Dev-MacOSX-v1.5.2.21		cd ///NITE-Bin-Dev-MacOSX-v1.5.2.21\
17. Terminal: install NITE			sudo ./install.sh\
done}